The initial screen is the Post index.  It will be empty until you add a Feed.
Click the left/right arrow of the left side of the banner of the Feed and Post
indexes to cycle between them.  Navigation links are black and and on the left
side).  Links that change the database (e.g. read, edit, delete, unclick, and
down vote) are white ("white writes) and on the right side of the blue header.

In the Feed screen, click the plus sign in the upper right to add RSS URLs.
The feed will be added, initially with the URL as the title.  Wait a several
seconds for the feed to download and then click on it.  The Post titles will
be listed.  Click on a Post title to open it.  You will see the title in the
blue box and the description below it.  The post is now considered read and
will not show again. Clicking on the title will open the original post in a
new window/tab.  Clicking on the left hooking arrow will mark it as unread and
return to the original listing of posts.  Clicking on the '-' to the right of
that will hide the post, i.e the post is not read and its Feed's score will
not increase (see SCORING below).  Clicking on the down arrow will decrease
the post's feed's score.  Use the left arrow to return to the Feed (or Post
screen).

You can return to the Feed screen, then click the left/right arrow to go to
the Post screen.  The posts will be listed newest at the top.

To get the most out of Amethyst, it best to not use the browser's back and
forward arrows.

SCORING
  Feeds are listed in order of decreasing score, i.e., highest first.
The more posts in a Feed you read, the higher the score.

REFRESH
  Feeds are refreshed every hour.  How often an RSS feed is updated can be
specified in it.  Every feed I've seen with it, has been one hour.
Accomodating anything different would be a complexity that, IMHO, is
unnecessary.  Refreshing is spread as evenly as possible across the hour,
e.g. with two feeds, they will be refreshed a half hour apart.  Five minutes
has been picked as a convenient interval to run the refresh (the first of the
two cron jobs above).  Changing it is left as an exercise for the user.

Once a day, old posts are deleted and other daily cleanup and backup is done
by the second cron of the cron jobs listed in INSTALL.  cron_daily is a script
to do this.  It accommodates computers that may not always be on.  The cron
job assumes the computer is on at least an hour a day.  Run it more frequently
if needed.  Or once a day for a computer that is always on.
